To recreate the results of the paper, ensure that the SQL database is restored and that a suitable environment is created.
Open ‘____.py’ and change the following to match the locations on your computer:

tracklib_folder_path = 'path to tracklib'
db                  = 'ResRoute'
db_user             = 'postgres'
db_password         = 'postgres'


Open ‘my_utils.py’ and set:

tracklib_folder_path = 'path to tracklib'


Run the first 5 cells with the following titles:

%% Create Encounter Events Default
%% Create Encounter Events HAD_radius =500
%% Create Encounter Events HAD_radius =500
%% Create Encounter Events  d_gap_a=99999
%% Create Encounter Events  d_gap_h=99999


The results should look like this. (Takes ____ on my computer.)

After this, the visibility check (‘visibility.py’) needs to be run in a QGIS environment, either in the app (the simplest setup) or using another method.

All required inputs are commented out at the start of the document. This code is relatively slow. Remove the comments around the run you wish to perform, or uncomment the call for all commands at the end of the document. The QGIS app may appear unresponsive for the duration; progress can be checked in PGAdmin by running:

select count(*)
from vis_grid;


After completion, run the buttons under:

# %Post visibility create encounters


This will complete the full results of the paper in the database. Otherwise, specific encounter tables can be created by running their corresponding cells.

Result figures and tables can be generated by running the corresponding files from the Figures or Tables folders, respectively.
